make formats docs folder, create COCO format documentation (#241)
openvinotoolkit/datumaro: docs/formats/coco_user_manual.md

To get the expected result, the dataset needs to be converted to formats
that support the specified task (e.g. for panoptic segmentation - VOC, CamVID)
There are few ways to convert COCO dataset to other dataset format:

``` bash
datum project import -f coco -i <path/to/coco>
datum export -f voc -o <path/to/output/dir>
# or
datum convert -if coco -i <path/to/coco> -f voc -o <path/to/output/dir>
```

Some formats provide extra options for conversion.
These options are passed after double dash (`--`) in the command line.
To get information about them, run

`datum export -f <FORMAT> -- -h`

##  Export to COCO

There are few ways to convert dataset to COCO format:

``` bash
# export dataset into COCO format from existing project
datum export -p <path/to/project> -f coco -o <path/to/export/dir> \
    -- --save-images
# converting to COCO format from other format
datum convert -if voc -i <path/to/voc/dataset> \
    -f coco -o <path/to/export/dir> -- --save-images
```

Extra options for export to COCO format:
- `--save-images` allow to export dataset with saving images
(by default `False`);
- `--image-ext IMAGE_EXT` allow to specify image extension

> for exporting dataset (by default `.png`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for exporting dataset (by default - keep original or use `.jpg`, if none);
```

Author: Fixed

- `--segmentation-mode MODE` allow to specify save mode for instance segmentation:
    - 'guess': guess the mode for each instance (using 'is_crowd' attribute as hint)
    - 'polygons': save polygons( merge and convert masks, prefer polygons)
    - 'mask': save masks (merge and convert polygons, prefer masks)
(by default `guess`);

> - `--crop-covered` allow torop covered segments so that background objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--crop-covered` allow to crop covered segments so that background objects
```

segmentation was more accurate (by default `False`);
- `--allow-attributes ALLOW_ATTRIBUTES` allow export of attributes
(by default `True`);
- `--reindex REINDEX` allow to assign new indices to images and annotations,
useful to avoid merge conflicts (by default `False`);
- `--merge-images` allow to save all images into a single directory
(by default `False`);
- `--tasks TASKS` allow to specify tasks for export dataset,
by default Datumaro uses all tasks. Example:

```bash
datum import -o project -f coco -i <dataset>
datum export -p project -f coco -- --tasks instances,stuff
```

## Particular use cases

> Datumaro supports filtering, transformation, merging etc. for all formats

Reviewer: Add 2 examples: how to load the original format and how to create a custom dataset in this format. You can also add a reference to tests.

Author: Is it enough?

    │   │   ├── <image_name2.ext>
    │   │   └── ...
    │   ├── val<year>
    │   │   ├── <image_name1.ext>
    │   │   ├── <image_name2.ext>
    │   │   └── ...
    ├── annotations/
    │   └── <tasks>_train<year>.json
    │   └── <tasks>_test<year>.json
```

For `panoptic` COCO dataset directory should have the following structure:

<!--lint disable fenced-code-flag-->
```
└─ Dataset/
    ├── images/
    │   ├── train<year>
    │   │   ├── <image_name1.ext>
    │   │   ├── <image_name2.ext>
    │   │   └── ...
    │   ├── val<year>
    │   │   ├── <image_name1.ext>
    │   │   ├── <image_name2.ext>
    │   │   └── ...
    ├── annotations/
    │   ├── panoptic_train<year>
    │   │   ├── <image_name1.ext>
    │   │   ├── <image_name2.ext>
    │   │   └── ...
    │   ├── panoptic_train<year>.json
    │   ├── panoptic_val<year>
    │   │   ├── <image_name1.ext>
    │   │   ├── <image_name2.ext>
    │   │   └── ...
    │   └── panoptic_val<year>.json
```

You can import dataset for specific tasks
of COCO dataset instead of the whole dataset,
for example:

``` bash
datum import --format coco_stuff --input-path <path/to/stuff.json>
```

Datumaro supports the following COCO tasks:

> - [Image Captioning](https://cocodataset.org/#captions-2015) (`coco_caption`)
> - [Object Detection](https://cocodataset.org/#detection-2020) (`coco_instances`, `coco_label`)
> - [Panoptic Segmentation](https://cocodataset.org/#panoptic-2020) (`coco_panoptic`)
> - [Keypoint Detection](https://cocodataset.org/#keypoints-2020) (`coco_person_keypoints`)
> - [Stuff Segmentation](https://cocodataset.org/#stuff-2019) (`coco_stuff`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Image Captioning](https://cocodataset.org/#captions-2015) (`coco_caption`)
- [Object Detection](https://cocodataset.org/#detection-2020) (`coco_instances`)
- Image classification (our extension) (`coco_labels`) - a format like Object Detection, which uses 
  only `category_id` and `score` annotation fields
- [Panoptic Segmentation](https://cocodataset.org/#panoptic-2020) (`coco_panoptic`)
- [Keypoint Detection](https://cocodataset.org/#keypoints-2020) (`coco_person_keypoints`)
- [Stuff Segmentation](https://cocodataset.org/#stuff-2019) (`coco_stuff`)
```

particular problems with COCO dataset:

### Example 1. How to load an original panoptic COCO dataset ans convert to Pascal VOC

```bash
datum create -o project
datum add path -p project -f coco_panoptic ./COCO/annotations/panoptic_val2017.json
datum stats -p project
datum export -p final_project -o dataset -f voc  --overwrite  -- --save-images
```

### Example 2. How to create custom COCO-like dataset

```python
import numpy as np
from datumaro.components.dataset import Dataset
from datumaro.components.extractor import Mask, DatasetItem

dataset = Dataset.from_iterable([
    DatasetItem(id='000000000001',
                image=np.ones((1, 5, 3)),
                subset='val',
                attributes={'id': 40},
                annotations=[
                    Mask(image=np.array([[0, 0, 1, 1, 0]]), label=3,
                        id=7, group=7, attributes={'is_crowd': False}),
                    Mask(image=np.array([[0, 1, 0, 0, 1]]), label=1,
                        id=20, group=20, attributes={'is_crowd': True}),
                ]
            ),
    ], categories=['a', 'b', 'c', 'd'])

dataset.export('./dataset', format='coco_panoptic')
```

> Some examples of working with Pascal VOC dataset from code you can found in
> [tests](../../tests/test_voc_format.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More examples of working with COCO dataset from code can be found in
[tests](../../tests/test_coco_format.py)
```
